{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
=====================Please leave this file untouched=====================\
\
This conversion follows the format of the Wololo Guide by Archvillain Ediwir, available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://paizo.com/threads/rzs42rtc?The-Wololo-Adventure-Conversion-Standard-Guide"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://docs.google.com/document/d/17XuFTsO9yHFWZZuWvdGuc0iQJoEvZVlsjicUWlB8nVk/edit?usp=sharing}}\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This conversion uses trademarks and/or copyrights owned by Paizo Inc., which are used under Paizo's Community Use Policy. We are expressly prohibited from charging you to use or access this content. This conversion is not published, endorsed, or specifically approved by Paizo Inc. For more information about Paizo's Community Use Policy, please visit paizo.com/communityuse. For more information about Paizo Inc. and Paizo products, please visit paizo.com.
\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ==============================v 1.0================================\
\
This conversion is meant to work primarily as an accessory to one of the many Adventure Paths, Scenarios, or other publications made for Pathfinder 1st Editions, and requires the proprietary book or pdf by the same name to be functionally used.\
\
Monster format is usually in the form of \'93original name, lv (template, reference statblock, alterations)\'94\
Loot format is usually in the form of \'93item name\'94 or \'93valuable name (x gp)\'94.\
NPC format follows Bestiary stat blocks, but might include abbreviations depending on the author.\
Subsystem conversions vary by book and author. Please ensure you read carefully.\
Skill DCs, when not specified, are up to the running GM, based on DCs by level and desired difficulty.\
\
Refer to the Author\'92s Notes for detailed informations on this specific conversion.\
\
You can find more conversions available for free on the main Guide at the link above.\
\
Thank you for playing and welcome to the club!\
-Archvillain Ediwir\
\
==================================================================\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a 
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl180\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf3 The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc. (\'93Wizards\'94). All Rights Reserved. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 1. Definitions: (a) \'93Contributors\'94 means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b) \'93Derivative Material\'94 means copyrighted material including 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, 
\fs16 correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) \'93Distribute\'94 means to reproduce, 
\fs16 license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d) \'93Open Game Content\'94 means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) \'93Product Identity\'94 means 
\fs16 product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts, creatures, characters, stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open 
\fs16 Game Content; (f) \'93Trademark\'94 means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) \'93Use\'94, \'93Used\'94 or \'93Using\'94 means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) \'93You\'94 or \'93Your\'94 means the licensee in terms of this agreement. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 3. Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 5. Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 6. Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to 
\fs13\fsmilli6667 include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying 
\fs16 or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder\'92s name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 10. Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content You distribute. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 12. Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 13. Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License. 
\fs24 \

\fs16 14. Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs16 \cf3 15. COPYRIGHT NOTICE\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b Open Game License v 1.0a 
\f1\b0 \'a9 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.\uc0\u8232 
\f2\b System Reference Document 
\f1\b0 \'a9 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors: Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams, based on material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.\uc0\u8232 
\f3\i\b Pathfinder Core Rulebook (Second Edition)
\f4\b0  
\f1\i0 \'a9 2019, Paizo Inc.; Designers: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, and Mark Seifter. \

\f3\i\b Pathfinder Gamemastery Guide Monster and Hazard Creation
\f4\b0  
\f1\i0 \'a9 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner and Mark Seifter. }